Feature/select of enums (#463)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Sections/Core data schemas/Schemas/IfcProductExtension/Entities/IfcVehicle/Documentation.md

> A vehicle.

Reviewer: A vehicle is a "non-fixed" or "mobile" transportation device as far as I can understand. The distinction between IfcTransportElement and IfcVehicle should be clear. 
Also, I assume that it is now this entity that should be used to represent the concept of a "kinematic envelope". If this is true and since this is a very important concept, I would propose to add a note about this.

> A vehicle is an _IfcTransportationDevice_ that is used as a means of carrying or transporting something

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A vehicle is a non fixed _IfcTransportationDevice_ that is used as a means of carrying or transporting something (e.g. people or goods).
```

Reviewer: Maybe also add as a note (if this is true):
One particular use of _IfcVehicle_ is to model the so called kinematic envelope which for railway traffic is defined as the outline of the space occupied by a rail vehicle when in motion, including the effects of tilt, sway, track cant, etc. in which case it should have an _IfcShapeRepresentation_ with _RepresentationIdentifier_= "Clearance" and a _RepresentationType_ corresponding with the instantiated geometry. Or maybe this belongs elsewhere?

Author: Could we add this part in a separate PR directly to the tunnel branch? I would like to keep the current state of bSI separate in order to have a synchronised state. It will definitely not be perfect most likely but as close as possible.

Reviewer: I see. Ok!
